README.md, before:

<div align="center">

![Banner](./images/banner.png)

### **Find the best places to eat near you.**

</div>

# Gotoeat

Gotoeat is a web application designed to help you find the best places to eat, based on your location.

## Technologies

[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://tailwindcss.com/)

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://python.org)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://python.org)

[![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://vercel.com/)


## Features

- **Restaurant Search**: Find nearby top-rated restaurants on Google based on your location.
- **Nearby selection**: Search for restaurants at different distances (1, 5 or 10 km away).
- **Simple and Dynamic User Interface**: Interactive and responsive user interface.

## Roadmap

Commit message:

Release 0.1.1
Minor changes:
- Update README
- roadmap version 0.1.0.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

![Banner](./images/banner.png)

### **Find the best places to eat near you.**

</div>

# Gotoeat

Gotoeat is a web application designed to help you find the best places to eat, based on your location.

Key features:

- **Restaurant Search**: Find nearby top-rated restaurants on Google based on your location.
- **Nearby selection**: Search for restaurants at different distances (1, 5 or 10 km away).
- **Simple and Dynamic User Interface**: Interactive and responsive user interface.

## Technologies

[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-646CFF?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://tailwindcss.com/)

[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-yellow?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://python.org)
[![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://python.org)

[![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://vercel.com/)


## Roadmap

- [Version 0.1.0](./roadmap/version-0.1.0.md)
- [Version 0.2.0](./roadmap/version-0.2.0.md)


## License 

gotoeat is open-source and licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](LICENSE).
